The file 'Original_all_data.RData' contains a data frame with 13,824 rows and 14 variables.
The data was kindly provided by Maria Wimber. Below, I list the variables and their contents.
Note that the aggregate results for the selective retrieval trials currently don't match 
those of the original studies - issues remain in correctly adapting the data provided by Maria 
for these conditions. All other data is correct.

Subjects:  Indicates to which subject a current trial belongs. There were 24 subjects in total.
Trial:     Indicates the trial number (order) over three phases of the experiment, 
           1) The association phase for the first and second associates (i.e. when subjects 
              were trained to associate a image-word pair and their recognition memory was 
              was tested against similar images with feedback).
           2) The selective retrieval phase, where subjects were cued with a word and asked 
              to recall the image category (face, object, or scene) of the FIRST associate 
              only, and then received feedback.
           3) The final recognition memory test, in which subjects were once again tested 
              against the similar image lures, but received no feedback.
Cond:      Indicates the condition for a given trial, where...
           2 - Recognition memory trials for 1st round of training for first associates (targets).
           3 - Recognition memory trials for 2nd round of training for first associates (targets).
           4 - Recognition memory trials for only round of training for second associates 
               (competitors).
           5 - Selective retrieval trials.
           6 - Final recognition memory test trials.
ImageNum:  The particular image (out of 144) associated with a given trial. For the selective 
           retrieval trials, the image number for the target is given, then the image number for 
           the competitor, separated by a period.
Correct:   The correct response associated with a given trial. For the recognition memory trials 
           1 = left, 2 = right, while for the selective retrieval task, 1 = Face, 2 = Object, 
           and 3 = Scene.
Response:  The observed response associated with a given trial. For the recognition memory trials 
           1 = left, 2 = right, while for the selective retrieval task, 1 = Face, 2 = Object, 
           and 3 = Scene.
RT:        The response time (in seconds) for a given trial.
Accuracy:  Indicates whether a subject made an accurate response, where 0 = incorrect, 1 = correct.
ImageType: Indicates what type an image is, where lure = 0, target = 1, and competitor = 2.
Baseline:  Indicates whether an image is in the baseline condition where 0 = No, 1 = Yes.
Block:     The current block for the associated trial. Relevant for the training phase, which was 
           broken up into 3 blocks.
Category:  The numerical coding for whether an image can be categorized as a face (1), object (2), 
           or scene (3).
CueRep:    Indicates the current number of repetitions for a cue. This variable is relevant for the 
           selective retrieval phase, in which each cue was repeated 4 times total.
fNames:    The file name of the image(s) shown during a trial.